Potion of Common Healing	Auntie Gemma	Potion to treat some hip pain	Hello dearie. I heard from your mother you started a business! I remember when you were just knee-high, now you’re all grown up. But enough of my ramblings, I’m sure you don’t want to hear them. I had a little fall and my hip won’t stop aching. Can you whip something up to make the pain go away?
TEST	TEST	TEST	TEST
20/20 Potion	Stacey	Urgent: Potion to Temporarily Improve Vision???	Listen, I’m sure you know who I am but just in case you aren’t in the know; I’m the top student at Paracelsus College. I think someone slipped me something, my eyesight is failing! That bitch Regina, probably trying to make me lose the top spot. Can you make me something to improve my eyesight?
Witch Hazel	Lucine Darire	Need a potion for my beauty pageant	Hello darling, I’m Lucine Darire, beauty pageant queen. Now as you know, my image is the most important thing to me, I simply cannot lose the pageant next week. I’ve gotten myself all dolled up only to notice I HAVE A GRAY HAIR. This cannot stand. Would you be a darling and brew me something to help get my hair up to my standards?
Good Vibes Potion	The Great Clown Pagliacci	Need something to brighten up.	Hi. Sorry to bother you. As you might be able to tell by my username, I’m a clown. I have an event coming up and I’m just down in the dumps. If you feel like wasting time to help me, I need something to brighten my spirits for a little while. I’ll get it if you don’t, no one ever wants to help a clown...
Griffin Balm	Du Wain “Boulder” Johansson	Potion for sore muscles?	Hey, fam! I’m the strongman for the great Hopps Circus Family. Our clown Pagliacci recommended your place for your seriously good potions, and I’ll trust him on that because I haven’t seen him this happy in years. I hurt my arm while training for a new stunt a couple of days ago and I still have to perform it next week. Would you mind making me a potion to help get rid of sore muscles? 
Melancholy Tonic	Paulina O’Logan	TOP SECRET: Need something for my apology video.	Hello everybody my name is Paulina. It’s great to see you again. Sorry about that. My PR person says to always keep the title line in. Now I need you to keep this on the down-low please. I’ve got an apology video coming up, I kinda filmed in a forbidden area and now my fans are mad. Personally, I couldn’t care less but my PR guy says I need to appear genuine. Can you help? I just need to look sad for long enough to make the video.
Good Trip	Cherry Garcia	Urgent: Potion to Temporarily Improve Vision???	Hey man, hope life is staying exciting with ya. Listen, I need a new type of high. I’ve tried every psychedelic from here to Kingdom Come (well Amsterdam but that’s close enough). Can you whip something special up for me to get a nice long trip? If it’s good I’ll commission a bunch for backstage parties on my next tour.
La Ganja Extravaganja	Sneaking Hound	Every day is April 20th.	S’up homie. Listen, I heard you been makin some good shit. Now I liked getting geeked as much as the next guy, but my doc has been tellin’ me my lungs can take the smoke no more. Can you brew me some good stuff so I can still get that good feeling so I can still get that weed feelin?
Sike Potion	Loki	A potion to trick an Aesir	Greetings mortal. Stop groveling, you’re wasting precious time. Now, I am planning a trick for Heimdall. As you must be aware, I can fool anyone. Anyone, but Heimdall has very good eyes. Make me a potion to make me just a little more sly, a little more tricky. Tell anyone and I will feed you to Fenrir.
Arnold Extract	Swole’thulhu	Y' need l' become swole l' ah'ehye shuggothh ph'nglui line (I need to become swole to keep humans in line)	Human. My brethren grow restless in their slumber. Try as I might I cannot become as strong as I must be, despite countless eons in the gym. Construct me an alchemical concoction to assist me in becoming “swole” as you humans say. The Ancient Ones will rise and shroud the world an endless nightmare, lest you fail.
Panacea	Oliver, the One Above All	Meow (I am the destroyer of worlds).	Meow. Meoooooow. Meow. (Hello owner. You have served me well, but now you must make your best potion using everything at your disposal. Do not question me.)