Auntie Gemma	Potion to treat some cold	Hello dearie. I heard from your mother you took over my business! I’m so proud to see you working in my old shop! Makes me think of when you were just knee-high, and now you’re all grown up! But enough of my ramblings, I’m sure you don’t want to hear them. I left my window open last night and now I feel a little sick. Perhaps you could whip up something to treat this cold? And if you get lost, I left my tome in the workshop; don't be afraid to give it a look dearie!

Stacey	Urgent: Potion to Temporarily Improve Vision???	Listen up, loser! I’m the top student at Paracelsus College, and as the top student, my performance needs to be perfect! Exams are coming, but I think someone slipped me something, my eyesight is failing! That 4.0 bitch Regina, has always been jealous! She’s probably trying to make me lose my 4.56 GPA. Can you make me something to fix my eyesight?
Norma Elmen	Need a potion for hair growth 	Hello there! You see, recently I finished the last of my chemo treatments! But unfortunately, I seem to have sacrificed my hair in the process. My wife really loved my hair, and seeing me without it has made her a bit sad. She says my lack of hair reminds her of how scary my time in the hospital was. I want to surprise her so I was hoping maybe you could help me get it back somehow?
The Great Clown Pagliacci	Need something to brighten up.	Hi. Sorry to bother you. As you might be able to tell by my username, I’m a clown. I have an event coming up but I’m just down in the dumps. I went to my therapist without my costume, but he suggested I go watch “The Great Clown Pagliacci”. If you feel like helping me, I need something to brighten my spirits for a little while. I’ll get it if you don’t, though...
Theodore Armstrong	Potion for torn muscles?	Howdy! I’m the strongman for the great Hopps Circus Family. Our clown Pagliacci is the happiest he’s been in years! He said I should check you out for my little uh arm issue... See, I hurt my arm while training for a new stunt with our lion a couple of days ago, and well, now my arm looks quite bad. But I do have a contract, so I still have to perform next week. Would you mind making me a potion to help with muscle damage?
Paulina O’Logan	TOP SECRET: Need something for my apology video.	Hello everybody my name is Paulina. It’s great to see you again. Sorry about that. My PR person says to always keep the title line in. Now I need you to keep this on the down-low please. I’ve got an apology video coming up, I kinda filmed a prank vlog with satan and now my fans are mad. Personally, I couldn’t care less but my PR guy says I need to appear genuine. Can you help? I just need to look sad for long enough to make the video.
Miss Goo Goo	Potion for a good night's sleep	Listen, this is what my schedule is right now: concert, club, another club, bus, next place, no sleep, another club, you get the picture. Let’s just say that I would really appreciate a good night’s sleep, can you make something that would help me with that?
Sneaking Hound	Every day is April 20th.	S’up homie. Listen, I heard you been makin some good shit. Now I like getting geeked as much as the next guy, but apparently my stuff is not gonna be legal in a few months.. Can you brew me some good stuff so I can still get that high homie?
Loki	A potion to trick an Aesir	Greetings mortal. Stop groveling, you’re wasting precious time. Now, I am planning a trick for Heimdall. As you must be aware, I can fool anyone. Anyone but Heimdall. He knows all and sees all. I need a potion to help keep him distracted. Tell anyone and I will feed you to Fenrir.
Swole’thulhu	Y' need l' become swole l' ah'ehye shuggothh ph'nglui line	Human. My brethren grow restless in their slumber. Try as I might I cannot attain the strength I need, despite countless eons in the gym. Construct me an alchemical concoction so that I may be swole enough to quell my bros. The Ancient Ones will rise and shroud the world an endless nightmare, lest you fail.
Oliver, the One Above All	Meow.	Hello Bella,  I’ve been watching you bumble around the shop for the past few weeks. Now that you are somewhat competent at brewing potions, I'm willing to become your familiar. But don’t think we’re going to be friends just so soon. If you can prove to me that you can brew the potion all alchemists strive for, the cure all, then maybe I’ll allow a few belly rubs once in a while. 