Nightshade	Medicinal flower with healing properties. The base for healing effects. 	Also called Belladonna, it has been in use for centuries, dating back to Renaissance Italy. While deadly in large amounts, in small doses it is very effective at curing common ailments and ills. Caution is advised as ingesting the flower in its raw form can cause serious harm.
Solace Sage	Common painkiller herb. Numbing effects on pain.	A crossbreed of Sage and Hemp, it has been used for several generations as a painkiller. While it is unparalleled in its numbing effects, most large corporations tend to prefer synthetic alternatives. This leaves an almost inexhaustible supply for alchemists.
Cyclops Eye	An eyeball from a peculiar source. Impacts eyesight.	The cyclopes have been a menace since ancient times. They often will kidnap lost travelers and those living on the edge of towns. Since their true discovery, they are being actively hunted. Alchemists have found that the eye is the most potent ingredient that can be gathered from the numerous dead. Despite their monocular vision, they have startlingly good eyesight.
Powdered Achia Seed	Vial of powdered seeds. Impacts hair growth.	A close relative to the coffee bean (no, not the chia seed), the achia seed has been documented to impact hair growth to a staggering amount. In some cases, it has been found to even awaken long dead hair follicles and cure baldness. However, the recipe for this cure has been lost or is being closely guarded. It can likely be rediscovered, with enough experimentation.
Vampire Tears	Vial of viscous liquid. Heavily impacts emotions.	Vampires, after centuries of being feared by humans, found that it became much harder for them to lure in their prey. Even worse, their prey began to discover increasingly effective ways of killing them. As such, between being hunted and the lack of real victims, the vampires were nearly brought to extinction, before deciding to reveal the power of their tears. Now vampires trade tears for food and legal protection from hunters, and humans continue to exploit these powers for their own gain.
Griffin Claws	Pointy and abrasive claws. Impacts muscle growth and movement.	Griffins are a noble avian species that have long lived apart from human society. Until a century ago, these claws had to be scavenged from those dead or ones that had broken in a hunt. But now the Griffin receive a steady compensation for their claws, much preferable to a steady stream of hunters. Using this as an ingredient grants you a pale imitation of the species speed and strength.
Jormungandr Scales	Scales of the World Serpent. Drastically lowers bodily metabolism.	The discovery of the legendary world serpent was an interesting day for the world. It was the first instance of documented interaction with what was thought to be a mythological being. Though the great serpent is hard to rouse from slumber, it did eventually agree to contribute its scales for various alchemical research. As it drowses, its scales are gathered by the ton. Much like the sleeping beast, the scales slow a person and can cause them to enter a similar sleep.
Lightning in a Bottle	The spark of creation, in a neat bottle. Greatly enhances metabolism.	Lightning has long been used in alchemy, either for granting power to the potion-crafter or as an ingredient. But thanks to recent advances, it has been bottled for easy acquisition and use. This does not mean, however, that it should be used lightly. Those that have written about it tout its ability to increase cell activity and boost metabolism. Use with care, lightning is not to be trifled with.