Potion of Common Healing	A household essential. Weak healing potion.	A timeless recipe, used since the beginning of recorded history throughout the globe. Obviously now ibuprofens exist, but many old folks still swear by this potion, insisting that it works far better than any of those fancy new potions.	Nightshade + Solace Sage
20/20 Potion	Potion for better eyesight. Great contacts replacement.	A common recipe used throughout Eurasia. Though the effects are temporary, it doesn’t have any side effects unlike other stronger, more permanent drugs for eyesight, making it a popular temporary replacement for lost glasses or forgotten contacts.	Nightshade + Cyclops Eye
Witch Hazel	Potion for hair growth and health. Silky smooooth.	It has long been a “public secret” in the beauty community that this is the potion all the beauty pageant queens and supermodels use right before they hit the stage. I mean, who doesn’t want silky smooth hair?	Nightshade + Powdered Achia Seed
Good Vibes Potion	Good vibes only. Potion to improve mood.	Lying somewhere between serotonin and Sativa, this potion has always been a target of big pharma-lobbied politicians who feared that people would not buy commercial-grade antidepressants. Luckily, that never came to pass.	Nightshade + Vampire Tears
Griffin Balm Potion	For Life’s Sore Spots. Potion for muscle growth.	They say tiger balms are strong enough that they can even grow back entire limbs. But guess what? Griffins can fly.	Nightshade + Griffin Claws
Melancholy Tonic	Sometimes you just gotta slow down. Strong depressant.	There are those moments where you just gotta slow down. This is the chill pill- but in a wrong mood, this can make you actually clinically depressed. It isn’t strong enough to be regulated at a personal level, however.	Solace Sage + Vampire Tears + Jormungandr Scales
Lumibarbital	Have a good night! A powerful sleep aid.	Beware the potency of this drug! Von Baeyer, the first alchemist who discovered this potion, passed out for three days straight from handling this potion without gloves. Since then, this potion has been used by jetlagged vacationers and pop stars alike for its potent sleep aid effects.	Jormungandr Scales + Solace Sage + Nightshade
Laganja Extravaganza	Let’s get sickening! A potent recreational drug.	Not a schedule 1 drug, thankfully.  It came close after it was found to replicate the effects of THC. However, in some countries, it still remains legal for daily use.	Solace Sage + Vampire Tears + Lightning in a Bottle
Sike Potion	A powerful potion of trickery and deceit. Please say sike right now.	A recipe kept secret by those who preside over the world, this potion is to be treated with utmost care. It is not a mere neurotoxin or anesthesia; it goes way beyond that- a potion powerful enough to trick (even for a moment) the great gods.	Solace Sage + Vampire Tears + Cyclops Eye + Jormungandr Scales
Arnold Extract	Extremely powerful, but temporary, muscle steroid. Hasta la vista!	Too powerful for most mortals, this potion was nicknamed after the first mortal being who was powerful enough to endure the effects of this concoction. Deities and gods can make it last slightly longer, but the strength gained is temporary, and a mortal who is not physically and mentally prepared for it may as well drink poison.	Griffin claws + Lightning in a Bottle + Nightshade + Solace Sage
Panacea	The cure-all. To obtain, something of equal value must be lost.	While the recipe for this potion has been well known for centuries, the One Above All (some call him “Oliver”, pet and companion to the legendary alchemist Gemma) interfered with its creation. Now, with the explicit permission and blessing of the One above all, you are allowed to brew the ultimate concoction and follow in Gemma’s footsteps.	Nightshade + Solace Sage + Cyclops Eye + Powdered Achia Seed + Vampire tears + Griffin claws + Jormungandr Scales + Lightning in a Bottle